W-12990534 MQ consolidate overview and terminology (#139)
mulesoft/docs-mq: modules/ROOT/pages/mq-configure.adoc

= Configuring Anypoint MQ
:page-aliases: mq-using.adoc

Configure Anypoint MQ queues, exchanges, and connected apps to send and retrieve messages.

* xref:mq-access-management.adoc[]
+
Use access management to create an environment and manage the roles of users who administer the Anypoint MQ features in Anypoint Platform for your organization.
* xref:mq-queues.adoc[]
+
Create queues, FIFO queues, and dead-letter queues in Anypoint Platform.
Send, receive, and purge messages from queues.
* xref:mq-exchanges.adoc[]
+
Send messages to multiple standard xref:mq-queues.adoc[queues] simultaneously by binding those queues to
a message exchange. 
+
Route messages to specific queues that are bound to the message exchange
by creating _intelligent message-routing rules_ on the bindings.

* xref:mq-connected-apps.adoc[]
+

> Integrate external applications with Anypoint Platform using Connected Apps to provide access to those applications without sharing your user credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integrate external applications with Anypoint Platform by using Connected Apps to provide access to those applications without sharing your user credentials.
```

* xref:mq-client-apps.adoc[]
+

> Generate credentials to use to publish and consume from a queue when using Anypoint Connector for MQ (Anypoint MQ Connector) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generate credentials to use for publishing and consuming from a queue when using Anypoint Connector for MQ (Anypoint MQ Connector) 
```
